Update installation pages for 1.16 (#37)
gatling/frontline-doc: content/reference/current/installation/manual/index.md

## Processor Architecture

We support both AMD64 and ARM for both Gatling Enterprise and Gatling injectors.

## JDK

> Gatling Enterprise components runs on a JVM and requires a modern Hotspot-based JDK 8, 11 or 17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatling Enterprise components run on a JVM and require a modern Hotspot-based JDK 8, 11 or 17.
```

> We recommend you use JDK builds from [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/).

Reviewer 2: Don't we recommend azul now?
```suggestion
We recommend you use JDK builds from [Azul System's Zulu](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?package=jdk).
```

- Go to "App registrations"
- Click on "New registration"

> - Set the redirect URI to http://your-gatling-enterprise-url:your-gatling-enterprise-port/redirected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the redirect URI to https://your-gatling-enterprise-url:your-gatling-enterprise-port/redirected
```

- Navigate to admin => security => api => authorization server
- Make sure the openid, profile and email scopes are present
- Create an OpenId app

> - Set the login redirect URI to http://your-gatling-enterprise-url:your-gatling-enterprise-port/redirected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the login redirect URI to https://your-gatling-enterprise-url:your-gatling-enterprise-port/redirected
```
